Mihai in the stands he was Caliph
shrinking empty stadium vorst wow
Poltava taking the final of the Cup of Ukraine between
for installation and second . that's so scared about
rights earlier and the federation is not trapsy
on Max the serious excesses
nibulon president ffu anatoly skates
be the guardian the whole person says
the march was unequivocal in the mines alla
coach dynamo raw rebrov succeeded
create imk writing i'm silently alone
sign of beautiful long season
genova succeeded azah experience and 1 center field
Chu really the first moment out of work and
far from one
rub topic Khlynov Mbokani placed the
gate carefully studied the game team
have developed their own game patterns
practicing the game team as in defense so
and in attack quickly switching from defense
to attack from attack to defense and how
the result especially the first half
I think we dominated
the football field has created enough
scoring chances are two of which
implemented even with the standards you
reward for acts make this dated
angler will become five half times if
feed the finished series then ricochete into
found a way up species
brownie problems minato son but and dove
there was definitely no risk
coachman and account 3x and not Russian 2 in
mind when filing a Croatian penalty
slave protector sheldon krog to rank
hero march
20 on the course of the dynamo went to the break before
agreed that no matter how
move back we will also play
to press
but probably a lot of strength and further in the first
half and miner probably added a little and
somewhere in the subconscious probably also account
2 0 as if everything is probably the total count
interruption rich already changed hirnyk and
slice outbid and carries it drunk and
seams cheap back no stand water 1
The output is not the soul of the right to Shovkovskiy in
ritual of dynamo after beats protool
coachman online shooters Khvylyn and and ben gur
without lm Douglas bone allow
I threatened to accept it once again
by answering shvydko
3 to such and the ball into the net dynamo a
given to the right the miner did not go on the screen
moment to overlook and rakhunki go to the vat and
small same compensated edas shas
I would set my head and dudar adriana for sure
uruk to shakhovskogo 50 just trap
would you have a miner dynamo match practical
we on the hiv hard shelf turned wide
xii tissue sting a wall
As a result of your friend, fry a map from Rome
Teller Cretan and Ermolenko you stuffed and
no failures final whistle 21 dynamo
you mine edges rip out of mine tenth
Ukraine Cup in the history of textbooks took and
It went 9